Define layer normalization as a function (#4076)
onnx/onnx: docs/Operators.md

</details>

### <a name="LayerNormalization"></a><a name="layernormalization">**LayerNormalization**</a>

  This is layer normalization defined in ONNX as function.
        The overall computation can be split into two stages.

>         The first stage is standardlization, which makes the
>         normalized elements having zero mean and unit variances.
>         The computation required by standardlization can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The first stage is standardization, which makes the
        normalized elements have zero mean and unit variances.
        The computation required by standardization can be
```
